+++
categories = ["neuroscience"]
date = "2016-03-13T17:45:42Z"
tags = ["tag1", "tag2"]
title = "maps2015 workshop"

+++

On 7-9 December 2015, we hosted [maps2015](http://maps2015.org) in
Strasbourg, France.  The primary aim of the meeting was to bring
together the two communities of theoreticians and experimentalists
working on related problems in developmental neurobiology.  This was
the second meeting that we have hosted on this topic, following on
from [maps2014.org](http://maps2014.org) in Edinburgh.  This year the
programme took a slightly wider scope: although most talks were
related to the development and order in brain maps, we also had
several interesting talks including mouse and zebrafish behaviour.  It
was also notable that several speakers chose to share unpublished data
-- something that doesn't tend to happen in larger meetings.  The
meeting brought together several research groups for the first team,
and has already resulted in several new collaborations across the
theoretical--experimental divide.

#### Posters

Twenty-three posters were presented at the meeting.  On the second
evening of the meeting we ran a ``lightning session'' where each
poster presenter was given one minute to talk about their poster.
This was regarded as a great innovation, both by the audience and the
poster presenters, and as such we would like to repeat it in future
meetings.

#### Maps2017.org ?

At the closing discussion session, there was significant support for a
future meeting in this area, as no other international meeting
currently brought together these two communities.  Any volunteers to
host the next meeting?

